welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called not another
teen movie from 2001.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
the movie starts with a girl named janie
janie is watching a romantic movie in
her room she gets turned on and pulls
out a vibrator from her sock drawer she
puts it down her pants and starts
pleasuring herself
without notice all of her family members
including some kids came into her room
with a cake
today was janie's birthday and they
entered her room to surprise her janie
doesn't know what to do and tries to act
naturally despite having been caught
masturbating and on the verge of orgasm
but janie's dog pulls her blanket off
the bed and the vibrator goes flying
through the air and lands on the cake
janie was now fully exposed and everyone
realized what she had been doing after
some time janie's dad drops her and her
brother off at school janie is a nerdy
student and everyone in school thinks
she's lame and boring and that's why she
doesn't have a boyfriend her brother
mitch always bullies her about this
janie's dad drops them off at school and
leaves janie meets up with one of her
friends ricky ricky likes janie and he
always tries to impress her but janie
only sees him as a good friend
janie's brother mitch tells his friends
that they should lose their virginity
soon and they make a pact to have sex
before graduation despite still being
freshmen mitch sees a girl named amanda
who is very attractive mitch loses his
mind after seeing her and we realize
that mitch has had a crush on her for a
long time
we see the most popular and handsome guy
in the school his name is jake all the
girls had a crush on him but jake is
already in a relationship with the head
cheerleader priscilla priscilla goes to
jake and tells him she wants to talk to
him in private she tells him she wants
to break up with him because now she
likes someone else
jake gets upset and can't understand how
any girl would want to leave a handsome
guy like him jake's friend tells him
that priscilla is beautiful and she will
be the prom queen this year as always
jake says she only looks beautiful
because she uses makeup and any girl can
be the prom queen if they wear makeup in
response to this comment jake's friend
austin makes a bet with jake challenging
him to make the lamest least attractive
girl in the school the prom queen
jake accepts the bet soon after janie
was walking in front of them and austin
chooses janie as jake's prom queen jake
says no this girl can never be the prom
queen but still he agrees to try to win
the bet meanwhile ricky is trying to
impress janie and he reads a poem in
front of the whole class
but janie couldn't understand the
meaning of the poem we also see that
janie's brother mitch and two of his
friends creep around the girl's bathroom
to spy on them they climb through the ac
vent to peep at the girls but the vent
can't support their weight and it breaks
causing them to fall into a classroom
with another girl as punishment mitch
and his friends get detention in the
cafeteria jake strikes up a conversation
with janie during lunchtime and he asks
her to go on a date with him but janie
rejects him because she finds it odd
that jake is only talking to her now for
the first time in six years
jake goes to the playground and watches
some guys playing football actually jake
is also a football player but he was
suspended from the team because of an
incident where he tackled the guy so
hard that he died
that evening janie is thinking about
jake and talks to her father about him
her father encourages her to go on a
date with him
meanwhile jake goes to his sister
catherine and asks her to give him some
tips about impressing janie catherine
suggests that he do something kind for
her the next day jake attempts to save
janie's brother from some bullies to
gain her affection but instead he
mistakenly beats her father since jake
saw him being rough with her brother so
that idea didn't exactly work out as
planned his next idea was to sing a song
in front of everyone to impress janie
the song he chooses to sing is janie's
got a gun by aerosmith because it has
her name in the lyrics but everyone
nearby takes the lyrics literally and
thinks that janie actually has a gun on
her they think jake is trying to warn
them of danger and the misunderstanding
causes panic as everyone runs away
screaming the police eventually show up
and arrest her janie was so fed up with
the unwanted attention from jake so she
goes to his house and tells him not to
follow her anymore
but before she leaves jake tells her
that he wants to show her something
jake takes off all his clothes and
stands in front of janie completely
naked except for whipped cream covering
his junk but janie is not impressed by
this instead she gets mad at him and
leaves some days later jake goes to
janie's house and brings his sister
catherine he wants to take janie to a
party and he brings catherine so that
she can do her makeup really all she
does is remove her glasses and let her
hair down from her ponytail
but when jenny comes downstairs after
getting ready jake is surprised and
struck by her beauty
mitch and his friends are at the party
already and mitch had written a letter
to amanda in an attempt to impress her
after some time when jake and janie
arrive at the party everyone is shocked
to see janie's new look
as the night goes on janie gets drunk
and she jumps into the swimming pool
jake's ex-girlfriend priscilla
approaches janie and starts making fun
of her this upsets janie and she leaves
the party at night jake goes to janie's
house to meet her they talk about their
past and their families janie tells him
she wants to join an art school in paris
they get so close while talking to each
other and they were about to kiss but
the situation gets a bit awkward and
they pull back now jake starts to feel
like he really likes her and he leaves
her house for the night the next day
priscilla again insults janie but this
time janie doesn't care about her jake's
friend reminds him about the bet and
jake goes to janie and asks her if she
wants to go to the prom with him janie
accepts his proposal and agrees to go to
prom as his date the next day was the
school football match jake is still
suspended from the team but his team was
about to lose and some players were
injured too the coach has no option but
to send jake onto the field to play but
it's no good because the team loses the
match once again because of jake
after the match janie comforts him
saying that at least he tried his best
austin appears and blames jake for the
team's loss to get payback he will tell
the truth to janie jake says something
in janie's ear and tells her the truth
about their relationship he tells her he
got to be close with her because he had
placed a bet with his friend janie is
devastated to hear this and she leaves
austin tells jake that he didn't say
anything to janie and jake has made a
terrible mistake jake and janie spend
some time apart and they really miss
each other because they were actually in
love
now it's the day of prom night austin
takes janie with him to the prom and
jake goes to prom with his sister
catherine janie's brother mitch finds
amanda and approaches her to give her
the love letter amanda seemingly likes
what he wrote and smiles after reading
the letter she takes him to a room to
have sex
meanwhile janie and austin are dancing
together and jake is also dancing with
catherine catherine starts kissing jake
while dancing and janie sees this and
she's heartbroken once again so she
leaves the prom the principal announces
the prom king and queen of the year
jake becomes the prom king but the
principal says this year we have two
prom queens priscilla thinks that maybe
she and janie were this year's prom
queens but the prom queens of the year
are two twin girls
after this janie goes somewhere with
austin jake finds out from his friend
that janie went to a hotel with austin
to have sex jake finds ricky and tells
him he loves janie as well now it's a
race to get to her
jake gets to the hotel room first and he
hears sex noises from the door but when
he goes inside the room he sees that
austin was having sex with priscilla
instead of janie and priscilla's
boyfriend was recording them jake learns
that janie went to her house and so he
heads there as well when jake reaches
her house he finds out that janie has
gone to the airport to go to paris to
study art jake runs to the airport ricky
was also after him but out of nowhere he
gets hit by a bus and dies
jake reaches the airport just in time to
see that genie was about to board the
plane he throws a football in janie's
face and stops her from boarding jake
runs up to her and he professes his love
for her he tells her that he might have
met her because of the bet but when he
really got to know her he fell in love
janie is charmed by him and she cancels
her plans for paris they kiss each other
passionately janie's best friend ricky
was watching them and he applauds the
movie ends here with this romantic scene
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks